Currently, I serve as the assistant to three of the company’s five executive team members including the CEO. During my time at the organisation, I have been recognised for my time management skills, writing abilities and commitment to excellence.




I am a vigilant and proactive Security Officer working to ensure safe, secure and orderly environments. I’m also a lifelong learner always seeking out the latest security equipment and techniques to patrol buildings. Lastly, I am thorough in documenting all incidents and actively making suggestions to management about security improvements and changes.


What makes me unique is my experience of four years in retail. Because I’ve had first-hand experience fielding shoppers’ questions, feedback and complaints, I know what customers want. I know what it takes to create a positive consumer experience through marketing


The company’s mission to help college graduates pay off their student loan debt speaks to me. I’ve been in that situation and I’d love the opportunity to work with a company that’s making a difference. Finding a company with a positive work environment and values that align with my own has remained a priority throughout my job search and this company ranks at the top of the list.


I’ve been passionate about user experience design for most of my professional career. I was excited to see this company uses Adobe products because I’m well versed in the entire suite. Also, I’m a huge advocate for applying agile workflows to design. I think it’s the most effective way to tackle large projects. I was able to successfully build and launch an agile process in my previous role as UX manager and we saw considerable improvements in project speed.


Making a true difference in the lives of my patients and their families motivates me to strive for excellence in everything I do. I look forward to seeing my patients’ reaction when we get a positive outcome that will change their lives forever. That’s why I became a nurse and why I’m pursuing a position in pediatrics



As an experienced, service-oriented professional with more than a decade of experience working in boutique salons, I thrive on creating a welcoming environment for all clients and providing the highest quality skincare services. My specialised training, along with my interpersonal skills, has helped me become adept at developing long-term, trusted relationships that help to build a loyal client base. These relationships are the reason I’m excited to go to work every day.


I’m looking for an opportunity that gives me the ability to build closer, long-term relationships with clients. In my current role, the sales cycle is so short that I don’t spend as much time building a rapport with my customers as I’d like. Relationship-building is one of the reasons I chose a career in sales and I look forward to working with a company in which that’s a top priority.


What are your strengths?
I’m a natural problem solver. I find it rewarding to dig deep and uncover solutions to challenges. It’s like solving a puzzle. It’s something I’ve always excelled at and something I enjoy. Much of product development is about finding innovative solutions to challenging issues, which is what drew me to this career path in the first place.


I sometimes have trouble saying ‘no’ and end up overwhelmed by my workload. Earlier in my career, I would take on so many projects that I’d work evenings and weekends. It was stressful. I realised this was counterproductive so I started using workload management tools and setting better expectations for myself and my teammates



I would like to continue developing my marketing expertise as well as my leadership skills over the next several years. One of the reasons I’m interested in working for a fast-growing start-up company is that I’ll have the ability to wear many hats and collaborate with many different departments. I believe this experience will serve me well in achieving my ultimate goal of leading a marketing department someday.
